1. CLUSTER :-
             1) In a computer system, a cluster is a group of servers and other resources that act like a single system and enable high 
        availability and, in some cases, load balancing and parallel processing. 
             2) In personal computer storage technology, a cluster is the logical unit of file storage on a hard disk; it's managed by the
        computer's operating system. Any file stored on a hard disk takes up one or more clusters of storage. A file's clusters can be 
        scattered among different locations on the hard disk. The clusters associated with a file are kept track of in the hard disk's file
        allocation table (FAT). When you read a file, the entire file is obtained for you and you aren't aware of the clusters it is stored 
        in. Since a cluster is a logical rather than a physical unit (it's not built into the hard disk itself), the size of a cluster can be
        varied. The maximum number of clusters on a hard disk depends on the size of a FAT table entry. Beginning with DOS 4.0, the FAT 
        entries were 16 bits in length, allowing for a maximum of 65,536 clusters. Beginnning with the Windows 95 OSR2 service release, 
        a 32-bit FAT entry is supported, allowing an entry to address enough clusters to support up to two terabytes of data 
              The tradeoff in cluster size is that even the smallest file (and even a directory itself) takes up the entire cluster.
        Thus, a 10-byte file will take up 2,048 bytes if that's the cluster size. In fact, many operating systems set the cluster 
        size default at 4,096 or 8,192 bytes. Until the file allocation table support in Windows 95 OSR2, the largest size hard disk that
        could be supported in a single partition was 512 megabytes. Larger hard disks could be divided into up to four partitions, 
        each with a FAT capable of supporting 512 megabytes of clusters.
   
   HADOOP CLUSTER :-
             A Hadoop cluster is a special type of computational cluster designed specifically for storing and analyzing huge amounts of 
        unstructured data in a distributed computing environment.  
             Such clusters run Hadoop's open source distributed processing software on low-cost commodity computers. Typically one machine
        in the cluster is designated as the NameNode and another machine the as JobTracker; these are the masters. The rest of the machines
        in the cluster act as both DataNode and TaskTracker; these are the slaves. Hadoop clusters are often referred to as "shared nothing"
        systems because the only thing that is shared between nodes is the network that connects them. 
             Hadoop clusters are known for boosting the speed of data analysis applications. They also are highly scalable: If a cluster's
        processing power is overwhelmed by growing volumes of data, additional cluster nodes can be added to increase throughput.
        Hadoop clusters also are highly resistant to failure because each piece of data is copied onto other cluster nodes, which ensures
        that the data is not lost if one node fails.
        
2. Rack and its arrangement in a Hadoop Cluster :-
             Typically large Hadoop clusters are arranged in racks and network traffic between different nodes with in the same rack is 
        much more desirable than network traffic across the racks. In addition NameNode tries to place replicas of block on multiple
        racks for improved fault tolerance. Hadoop lets the cluster administrators decide which rack a node belongs to through 
        configuration variable net.topology.script.file.name. When this script is configured, each node runs the script to determine its 
        rack id. A default installation assumes all the nodes belong to the same rack.
              For example consider what would be typical Hadoop cluster setup for 4500 nodes??
        In this case Hadoop Cluster would consists of
              i)110 different racks.
              ii)Each rack would have around 40 slave machine.
              iii)At the top of each rack there is a rack switch.
              iv)Each slave machine(rack server in a rack) has cables coming out it from both the ends.
              v)Cables are connected to rack switch at the top which means that top rack switch will have around 80 ports.
              vi)There are global 8 core switches.
              vii)The rack switch has uplinks connected to core switches and hence connecting all other racks with uniform bandwidth,
          forming the Cluster.
              viii)In the cluster, you have few machines to act as Name node and as JobTracker. They are referred as Masters. These 
          masters have different configuration favoring more DRAM and CPU and less local storage.
              ix)The majority of the machines acts as DataNode and Task Trackers and are referred as Slaves. These slave nodes have
          lots of local disk storage and moderate amounts of CPU and DRAM.
